Students, your midterm
exams are scheduled
for the week after next.
You will be tested
on four subjects,
and the top two scores
in each grade
will be awarded one Stella each.
Bear in mind, any failing grades
will be given a Tonitrus Bolt,
so preparation is crucial!
On that note, I will now return
your most recent
history quizzes.
Alice Paulette...
[sighs] This test sounds
kinda scary, huh?
Not to me.
Because I've been studying
really hard lately.
[HENDERSON]
Anya Forger.
Dreadfully inelegant score.
See me after school.
[DAMIAN chuckles]
Heh.
[EMILE] That impression
is spot on, Lord Damian!
[EWEN] You've got her
stupid look down to a T.
[ANYA] Second Son ticks me off,
but I have a great idea!
If I read his mind during
the history exams,
then I'll get a good score, too!
Since you find this
amusing, Miss Forger,
how funny would some
extra homework be?
[ANYA]
I'm getting home really late
all because the
teacher was mean.
Mister Moon is already
peeking out to say hello.
[ANYA gasps]
[ANYA]
Papa! Papa!
Hey there, Anya.
Is there something wrong?
Do you know how much of Mister
Moon will be out in two weeks?
The lunar phase?
In two weeks,
it'll be the new moon.
Are you planning
to go stargazing?
Uh-oh!
[TWILIGHT] Your exams are
in two weeks, aren't they?
Well, let's do some
studying before dinner.
Try to shore up any weak spots.
Come on, let's hit those books!
[ANYA]
I'm a superpowered telly-path
who saved the whole world,
but even I have a
big ol' weak spot.
The mean men in the lab
called it an "eclipse"
or something like that.
It's not good.
On the one day each month
Mister Moon goes away,
my cool, mind reading
superpower goes away, too.
If the tests are gonna be on
that day, then that means,
I'm not gonna be able
to cheat on 'em!
Oh, no. This is my biggest
challenge ever!
Help me out, Bond!
Look into the future and tell me
what all the answers'll be!
[ANYA]
Hamburg steak?
We're gonna have Papa's
famous Hamburg steak
for dinner tonight!
Yippee!
Wow, how'd you know?
Must've peeked in the fridge.
Guess we could eat now.
I passed out and still don't
know anything for the test!
That's why I wanted to study
before dinner last night.
I'm off work today,
so I can still help you.
[TWILIGHT] Since her midterms
will cover four subjects,
that means we'll potentially
have four Tonitrus Bolts
to dodge at once.
I've given up on her earning
any Stellas this way.
And with finals further
down the line,
there's a possibility she'll net
eight Tonitrus Bolts in total.
I have to make sure she
doesn't get expelled
before I can get
close to Desmond.
To prevent that,
we'll need to bolster
her academic fundamentals,
then infiltrate
Desmond's circle.
[ANYA] I can't concentrate
on studying at all
because Papa can't
make his mind shut up.
[TWILIGHT]
Hmm.
If only I could figure out
what's so hard for her.
Oh, you know what?
The other day,
I happened to ask Yuri
if he was interested
in tutoring Anya,
and he seemed pretty
open to the idea.
Do you think I should try
giving him a call?
Sounds like a plan,
if he doesn't mind.
Unkie!
Hey! I'm here.
Li'l bro to the rescue!
[TWILIGHT]
Quick.
Thanks so much for coming.
Long time no see, Yuri.
[TWILIGHT]
Maybe we should just leave
all that "happy
couple" gear out.
[YURI]
Hmph. Why's he here?
He can work on
the weekends, too.
This is my younger brother.
His name's Yuri.
[YURI] So that's the
little hellspawn, eh?
I am Papa's child named Anya.
Much peased to meet you.
[ANYA]
Secret Police ocifers are scary.
[YURI's mind racing]
[YOR] Come on and
introduce yourself, Yuri.
I think I've got a case
of heartburn. Hurp.
Poor thing. I'm sorry
to hear that.
Maybe you should take
a tiny little break
before you start studying.
So how have you been?
Considering the major
summit we just had,
I'm sure the Ministry
got hectic.
[TWILIGHT]
Give me some intel.
Huh? Oh, yeah.
[TWILIGHT] By now,
the SSS must've realized
that the minister was Twilight.
A risky move, but my
only real option.
[YURI] Is he mocking us
for delaying the summit?
There was a terrorist attack!
I won't let you make me look
bad in front of my sister,
you piece of crap.
[TWILIGHT]
I need to be on guard.
[ANYA] A spy versus a Secret
Police guy. So cool!
And Unkie doesn't know
Papa's true identity!
Papa wins!
You're excited. Must be
ready to start studying.
[TWILIGHT] Rather than
be in anyone's way,
perhaps I should
go out shopping.
Sure!
[TWILIGHT] Gives me time
to take another mission.
[ANYA]
What about Papa versus Unkie?
[YOR]
Guess we should get started.
[YURI] I agreed to do this
because Yor asked me to,
but I really don't
wanna try to teach
this slow-witted little gremlin.
[YURI] How 'bout you
try solving this one?
[YURI] This stupid brat gets
to spend all day with Sis.
It's time I bust her bubble
with some insanely
tough questions!
[YURI] What? You didn't
miss a single one?
Wow! Great job!
[ANYA chuckles nervously]
Maybe you just know it all
and don't need to study.
[ANYA]
Uh-oh!
I can't cheat on the
day of the tests,
so I actually need
to study for real!
That was just crazy dumb luck.
I was making guesses.
Uh, well, that kinda
makes sense, but does it?
No! Wrong!
Are you trying to be this dense,
or what? This is serious!
I'm trying real hard!
[YOR] Yuri, please,
be gentle with poor Anya.
It would be a terrible tragedy
if she got expelled over this.
[ANYA]
But I do wanna go to school.
Because it was her
mother's dying wish.
So what do you say, Yuri?
I'm counting on you
to help her. Please?
[YURI] Yes! I'll do
anything for you, Sis!
Yeah, okay.
But she really doesn't seem
to know any of this.
I'm gonna do my bestest!
So I can become
an Imperel Scooter,
and then grow up to
be really important
so I can take care of Mama
and feed her all of the
yummy stuff forever!
--[YURI] She'a an angel!
--[YOR] Awww.
[YURI]
Where did she come from?
And what's an Imperel Scooter?
Oh, Anya!
Hang on, I'm gonna go
and fix you some snacks!
[ANYA]
Yes!
[YURI] She really loves
my sweet sister.
Slow down, Yuri.
She's probably trying
to steal her, too.
Don't believe her lies.
But if this little gremlin
aces her tests
because of my help, Sis will
say, "I love you, Yuri!"
All right, fine.
Let's do this thing.
Hold up, you sure
about that one?
[ANYA gasps]
Look, it's fine.
The most important thing
is for you to understand
why you got it wrong.
You don't have to figure
everything out.
Just try to concentrate
on the verb.
[ANYA]
Verby verb.
[chuckles]
This brings back
some good memories.
See, Sis?
Do that, and then you're
done. Easy, huh?
Uhh...
[YURI]
Come on. You got this.
Do you not like to study?
I hate it.
Why? Do you like it, Unkie?
'Cause that's weird.
I'm not "Unkie."
For me, I felt powerless
when I was a kid,
and it was super frustrating.
I wanted to help Sis out
as soon as I could,
so I studied extra hard.
I loved the feeling of
getting an answer right.
It was like I got
taller or something.
I focused on language.
I thought I could
become a journalist
or lawyer if I was eloquent,
and make this world
a better place
for my sweet sister to live in.
I worked extra hard in
chemistry and biology.
I thought, with an understanding
of the body and medicine,
I could heal any of her
wounds or ailments.
And I also worked hard
in math and physics,
because they're at the
root of everything
that could give her a
safe and stable life.
Although I ended up in the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs,
everything I learned back
then still helps me.
Whoa.
Long ago, there was
a very wise man.
He said, "Knowledge is power."
If you really wanna become
someone important,
studying will unleash
your brain's true power.
[ANYA]
No leash is power?
[YURI]
No.
Study hard and I
can make medicine?
That's right.
And make some cool rockets, too?
If you want!
And I could even conquer
the whole world?!
I don't-- Well, uh, sure--
You wanna conquer the world?
Whatever you want!
Let's go! The test you
face now doesn't matter!
Envision yourself doing
well on all future ones!
Aye-aye, sir!
[YURI]
Envision Sis's beautiful smile
beaming at you in the future!
[ANYA]
Aye-aye, sir!
Don't teach her a bunch
of weird stuff, Yuri.
Well, kiddo, whaddaya think?
You mastered grammar yet?
What do you mean by "grammar"?
[YURI]
What a freakin' waste of time!
I can't take this! I'm gone!
Wait!
[YURI] Yeah. I have my
own studying to do.
It's obvious.
If I knew more then, I could've
had Twilight in a cell that day.
And the threat from the
West would be gone.
I'm still powerless.
Not strong enough to protect
my sister or my country.
[YURI]
Sorry, Sis. I gotta go.
Good grief. He's still so
impatient after all these years.
And now I've made way too many
cookies for just me and Anya.
[YURI]
So good!
[YURI retching]
[YOR] Well, I suppose
that solves that problem.
I'll go and make another batch.
[ANYA] Don't worry.
I'm still pretty full right now.
[ANYA] If I would've been able
to read the clock's face,
or disarm the bomb that day,
I could've really helped Papa on
his mission to save the world.
Mama, I'm gonna
go study in my room.
That's an excellent idea.
Go get 'em!
[BOND groans]
I'm home.
Oh.
[YOR]
Nice to have you back, Loid.
Little Anya is working
very hard on her studies.
[TWILIGHT]
Really? That's great.
Let's see here.
Huh. Foreign languages?
That's right! She was putting
everything she had into it!
[TWILIGHT] None of this
stuff will be covered
on the midterms, though.
Heh.
[YOR]
Huh?
[TWILIGHT] I'm afraid Operation
Strix may be doomed.
Well, today is the big day,
Anya. Are you ready for this?
[ANYA chuckles]
You are gonna be so surprised
when I show you that
"no leash is power," Becky.
[BECKY] Huh? What is that
supposed to mean?
Anyway, I guess you seem ready.
I'm gonna ace 'em, too!
[HENDERSON]
And now,
we begin your very
first midterm exams.
Good luck!
[STUDENT A] I can't believe
I bombed the math exam.
[STUDENT B] I got an 80 on
grammar. Could've been better.
[INSTRUCTOR A]
How'd the first graders do
on the first round of midterms?
Not too well, it seems.
At least from what I saw.
Perhaps the questions
were a little advanced.
Exactly as they should be, then.
[INSTRUCTOR B] I'd be willing
to bet a few dalc there'll be
some parents trying to buy
their kids a passing grade.
No way the headmaster would
indulge such things, though.
[INSTRUCTOR C] Well,
those students at the top
of their classes will be
Ostania's future leaders.
So selling points
in such a manner
would be doing society
a disservice.
That's why it's important to
keep these completed tests
under lock and key
until they're all graded.
The nation's continued success
and security is at stake.
[TWILIGHT]
I'm Twilight,
a spy currently conducting
Operation Strix
to maintain peace
between East and West.
And now, I'm afraid there are
some storm clouds
on the horizon.
Will these midterms mean we feel
the painful strike
of Tonitrus Bolts?
Or will Anya somehow dodge them?
Pretty sure I absotootly
nailed it!
[TWILIGHT] We're doomed.
There's no way she passed.
Unlike the entrance exam,
we didn't have Anya memorize
possible answers,
which means I'll have to rely
on some questionable methods.
I'm basically taking a more
direct route this time,
infiltrating the school grounds
and altering her answer sheets
before they're graded.
Have a good night, professor.
Uh-huh.
[TWILIGHT]
I'll just have to get past
the school's security force.
That's not such an
easy feat, either.
The presence will be heavy
at the north tower
where the safe's located.
It'll take some time
to get in there.
And of course,
I can't do anything
that would raise suspicions
with the staff, either.
It's crucial that I leave
absolutely no trace
of my involvement.
Hmm.
[TWILIGHT]
Who is that?
Doesn't look like any
staff member I've seen,
and he's definitely
not an instructor.
Not to mention...
he's incredibly suspicious.
[DAYBREAK]
I'm Daybreak,
an elite spy conducting an
operation for a certain client.
My mission today is to alter a
certain student's answer sheets.
Talk about child's play.
How'd I get my cool
name, you ask?
Apparently, a master spy
from the West named Twilight
has infiltrated our country,
so I decided to take
on the challenge
and be the rising star
fighting against him.
Twilight of the West,
Daybreak of the East.
We'll see who the
true master is.
So this is my first mission.
You're bearing witness to
the birth of a legend, folks!
[TWILIGHT] Seems he's heading
toward the north tower.
Don't tell me he's here
for the same reason.
What's with all the tumbling?
Hard to believe, but he must
be some kind of spy.
If he botches this,
I'll have to deal with
the blowback, too.
You fool! You can't go that
way at this time of day!
Ya know, that cute
math teacher...
[DAYBREAK]
And here comes security!
This is bad.
A chick like that is
outta your league, man.
Aw. You don't know what the
heck you're talking about.
I'm tellin' ya, man,
all I gotta do
is ask if she wants to go grab
some dinner Saturday night,
and I'm in.
[TWILIGHT]
They didn't even notice him!
How is that possible?
Some kind of camouflage?
So strong, and so bold!
Does he have an
advanced understanding
of human perception?
Is he a type of superhuman spy?
[DAYBREAK]
It's locked!
[TWILIGHT]
So what now?
If he's going to interfere,
it might be better to eliminate
him before he gets in.
Perhaps while he's still
fiddling with the door.
Whoa! That's completely insane!
Surely somebody will
notice all the racket!
Is he even a spy,
or just a burglar?
He's not prepared
for either job.
Leaving evidence of
a break-in like this
puts my mission at risk as well.
I'll just make it look
as though the soccer club
got too rowdy during practice.
Sorry, guys.
[DAYBREAK] The north tower,
the north tower.
[TWILIGHT]
Jeez.
He's just blithely waltzing
through the halls.
As much as I'd like
to take him down,
I'm not sure what
he's capable of.
And what in the
world is he after?
And has he never
heard of stealth?
[DAYBREAK gasps]
[TWILIGHT]
Hmm...
[DAYBREAK]
Oh, are you kidding me?
No one told me there'd
be some guy in here!
And it looks like the only way
I'm getting through that door
is if he opens it for me.
Aw, man.
Now what? I don't
see another way in.
[gasps]
Hey, what're you doin' here
at this time of day?
[DAYBREAK] Me? Um, I just had
a little business in there.
You mean the safe? Are you a
part of the faculty or staff?
Let's see some ID.
Oh, ID, huh? Hey, look.
Uh, you don't recognize me from
the informatics department?
I'm kinda famous around here.
[SECURITY OFFICER C] Either
show me some ID, or leave.
[DAYBREAK] Aw, come on, pal.
Just let me in for a bit.
[SECURITY OFFICER C]
I'm callin' the police.
[TWILIGHT]
No!
If the police show up,
this will be a real mess!
Informatics. Informatics!
[DAYBREAK]
Relax, bud, I'll just--
[TWILIGHT]
Pardon.
I found this ID on
the floor over here.
Might it be yours by any chance?
[TWILIGHT] Thankfully,
I've brought spare ID's
from every department.
Huh? I'm pretty sure I
didn't drop anything--
Ahem. Yeah. You're Brown,
the new hire?
This will get you
through that door.
Whoa. You're right, I was
wondering where that went.
Silly me. Thanks a bunch, bro.
Of course. Oh.
[TWILIGHT] Did he actually
write down mission notes
on his hand?
This must be some kind
of trap or setup.
Nothing else makes sense!
[SECURITY OFFICER C]
Please, go right on in, sirs.
You're a lifesaver.
[TWILIGHT grumbles]
[TWILIGHT]
I saw two student numbers.
Seems he's altering
some test scores.
So he must be in
my line of work.
And those two numbers...
They belong to the
Desmond brothers.
Does that mean his client is--?
No, I don't know enough
to make that assumption.
[DAYBREAK] So here we are.
Safe number seven.
Glad I was smart
enough to write down
that handy-dandy code here.
Wait.
Did I write down the wrong
numbers or something?
Gotta hit the crapper
real quick, so go on.
I'll be back.
[TWILIGHT] There's not even
a public restroom in here.
Boggles the mind to
think Operation Strix
could be in jeopardy
because of this clown.
Honestly...
[DAYBREAK] Thanks for
all the help, chump!
Just take a nice
little nap, all right?
[DAYBREAK] Gonna drag him inside
so the guard doesn't see.
[DAYBREAK]
Lemme see.
First grader tests,
first grader tests.
[TWILIGHT] Probably safer
to complete my mission
once he's done.
He's unbelievably careless.
Man! Don't tell me
this is locked, too!
I just need to get this
little bugger open.
[TWILIGHT]
Get on with it.
[DAYBREAK]
Yes! Mission accomplished!
Perfect! I'm even trembling
at my own genius!
Move over, Twilight,
because there's a new
master spy in town.
It's the dawn of Daybreak!
[DAYBREAK]
Yes!
I was gonna make pork tonight,
but this calls for
a big juicy steak!
[TWILIGHT]
Why did he mention my codename?
I wish he would be
done and leave.
Now my rep'll be through the
roof and I'll get all the jobs!
[chuckles]
Bet they'll even put
my name in the paper.
No way, that'll never happen.
I'm in the spy biz.
A big part of the gig
is the mystery involved.
Well, while I'm changing these,
I'll throw in a nice autograph
from Agent Daybreak.
What?!
Spies aren't supposed to behind
leave any clues, you imbecile!
--[DAYBREAK] Huh?
--Uh.
Hey, now, you should be napping.
[TWILIGHT]
Uh-oh! I couldn't keep myself
from yelling about
what an idiot he is.
Please forgive me, all right?
I swear, I didn't see anything.
And I promise I
won't tell anyone,
so please, don't kill me!
[TWILIGHT] May have to
take him out after all.
[DAYBREAK] Hey, do you
even know who I am?
Tell everyone! The world
needs to know about me!
[TWILIGHT]
Huh?
Yes! I am known as Daybreak!
I'm counting on you
to tell the masses
what a super cool spy I am.
And about how I infiltrated this
place like it was child's play.
Feel free to spice it up.
Like, you can say I
walked through walls
and stopped a bullet
with my teeth.
Oh, but try to keep the
details a secret, yeah?
Toodles then, bro. Ta-ta. Adios!
[laughing]
[TWILIGHT]
Where did he come from?
And are the Desmond brothers'
grades in that much danger
they'd have to hire
that fool to fix them?
Seems it's the opposite.
He was changing them
to be failing grades.
Which means,
his client must've been
a business rival or political
enemy of Desmond's.
It'd be a problem for me
if they were both expelled.
I should change these back.
I need to figure out what
the erased answers were
and copy their handwriting.
Damn it. That buffoon made
my job even harder.
All done.
Seems both brothers
are quite sharp.
The older one got perfect
scores in almost everything.
And then we have Anya.
Anya, Anya... Here we go.
Seriously?
[STUDENT D] I heard they
posted the test scores
in the courtyard!
[STUDENT E]
Let's go look!
So where did Lord Damian
rank in all this?
[DAMIAN gasps]
[EWEN] He's in 11th place
overall and second in our class!
Plus a 94 in history!
That means you snagged a
Stella Star, so way to go!
[EWEN]
That's amazing, Lord Damian!
[BECKY] Ah, darn.
I'm down in 46th place.
I guess it could be
worse, though.
I don't see your name, Anya.
Wonder where you placed.
Start searching at
the bottom of the list.
[ANYA] Actually, I already
know where I placed.
'Cause I read Papa's mind
after he snuck in here
on his mission.
Oh. I see you. Right there!
[BECKY]
213th.
Hey, don't let it get you
down too much, Anya.
Better luck next time.
Um, good for you.
You managed to pass somehow.
Almost not worth laughing at.
[ANYA] Yes! I didn't get hit
by a single Tonitrus Bolt!
[ANYA chuckles]
[TWILIGHT]
Good job! I'm so proud of you.
[ANYA] I made sure Papa's
mission is a little bit safer.
[ANYA chuckles]
Wait, how can she smile
after doing that poorly?
I love your positive outlook!
Yeah! Keep your head held high!
[ANYA] See, Papa? I worked
really hard on my tests!
You just barely managed
to avoid failing
every single subject
and you're proud?
I thought you'd be happy.
[TWILIGHT]
I need to be much stricter
when finals come around.
What an amazing job, Anya!
It's over a hundred
if you add them all up!
[TWILIGHT] I suppose she did,
in fact, pass all her exams.
Didn't expect that.
She's doing good.
For her, at least.
Which means my mission
is safe for now.
Perhaps I should thank her.
[TWILIGHT] You should be
reflecting on your mistakes.
We'll see if you're
still smirking
after tonight's study session!
[ANYA wails]
What?! You say the
mission failed?!
No way! I did everything you--
Wait! Fired?
Hold on, man. Hey! No!
This is supposed to be
the "dawn of Daybreak"!
[inaudible]